Removal of `purp` claim (#249)
oauth-wg/oauth-transaction-tokens: draft-ietf-oauth-transaction-tokens.md

`sub`:
: REQUIRED A unique identifier for the subject within the context of the `aud` Trust Domain. Unlike OpenID Connect, the `sub` claim is NOT associated with the `iss` claim.

> `scope`:

Reviewer: I took me a min to realize that "\`scope\`:" appears twice on consecutive lines (355 and 356 at the time of writing), after which this suggested deletion makes perfect sense

`scope`:

> : REQUIRED A JSON string as defined in {{RFC8693}}. Note that the value of this claim is determined by the Transaction Token Service and is not required to match the requested scope nor the scope in any supplied external token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: REQUIRED Thee scope claim is defined in {{RFC8693}}. Note that the value of this claim is determined by the Transaction Token Service and is not required to match the requested scope nor the scope in any supplied external token.

Reviewer: you should even be able to ref the specific section like this:
```suggestion
: REQUIRED The scope claim is defined in {{Section 4.2 of RFC8693}}. Note that the value of this claim is determined by the Transaction Token Service and is not required to match the requested scope nor the scope in any supplied external token.
```

`tctx`:
: OPTIONAL A JSON object that contains values that remain immutable throughout the call chain.

`rctx`:
: OPTIONAL A JSON object that describes the environmental context of the requested transaction.

### Scope claim {#scope-claim}

> The `scope` claim captures, as narrowly as possible, the purpose of this particular transaction. The values used for this claim are defined by the Transaction Token Service as representative of the authorization model defined by the Trust Domain. The value may contain a syntax and structure different from, and represent an intent  narrower, than a scope value issued to an external client. How a given deployment represents the authorization model within the Trust Domain is out of scope for this specification.

Reviewer: the syntax and structure shouldn't be different - it's still a  JSON string containing a space-separated list - but the semantics/meaning and actual value might be different. Also tying to not use the word scope with a different meaning in this paragraph. semantics, right? 

```suggestion
The `scope` claim captures, as narrowly as possible, the purpose of this particular transaction. The values used for this claim are defined by the Transaction Token Service as representative of the authorization model defined by the Trust Domain. The value may be literately and semantically different from, and represent an intent narrower, than a scope value issued to an external client. How a given deployment represents the authorization model within the Trust Domain is at its discretion and not prescribed by this specification.
```

Because Txn-Tokens are short-lived, the Txn-Token response from the Txn-Token service does not contain the `refresh_token` field. A Txn-Token cannot be issued by presenting a `refresh_token`.

> The `expires_in` field of the OAuth 2.0 Token Exchange specification {{RFC8693}} is not used in Txn-Token responses since the issued token has an `exp` field, which indicates the token lifetime.

Reviewer: this whole line should just be removed but that can be deferred to #202
